
Hi Gero and Louis,
 
As asked by Gero, I propose some text in response and reaction to Reviewer 2, I include this below with indications on where to put it in the paper. Also some further comments at the very end of this email.
 
 
From: Walter, G.M. [G.M.Walter@tue.nl]
Sent: 09 May 2016 19:22
To: COOLEN F.P.A.; louis.aslett@stats.ox.ac.uk
Subject: FW: Your Submission

 
Dear Frank, dear Louis,

news from our IJAR paper, see below! Accept / reject is not stated explicitly (unless I am overlooking something), but a revision is suggested, so I take it as a "can be accepted with revision". I think what the reviewers ask for is doable. Sorry for forwarding this so late, I was away over the long weekend (Thu was a bank holiday, and Fri was an 'automatic' bridge day at TU Eindhoven).

In short, the first of the two reviewers wants more details about how often we have to do brute-force for n^(0) and also more links to other reliability/networks with IP literature, while the second wants a more detailed discussion of the pros and cons of the survival signature related to independence assumptions - but I think (s)he does not quite acknowledge the advantage the survival signature offers when all components are independent. Neither reviewer mentions the non-monotonicity problem due to working with independent Beta distributions, but again I don't think it is a real problem as we look at expectations only.

So the question is whether we should bring that on the table ourselves or not. I guess that we could mention this in a short note and argue that it is not a problem for us, but that it would be when in a MC  approach, when sampling from the Betas to form a prior or posterior survival function.

On the brute force n^(0) cases, I guess we can add some more discussion on when the results from Theorem 2 and Lemma 3 apply, and maybe just do a small simulation study.

I will have a look at the literature that reviewer 1 suggests.

For the main comment of reviewer 2, should I have a try on Section 2 with his/her comments in mind? So, making more clear that the survival signature is advantageous also in the case of full independence, or do you think we can write most of this as a kind of rebuttal?

I will also set up a list of changes & comments on the reviewer's comments.

Best wishes, Gero



From: ees.ija.0.390d8a.ba5f6042@eesmail.elsevier.com [ees.ija.0.390d8a.ba5f6042@eesmail.elsevier.com] on behalf of Int. J. Approximate Reasoning [ijar@hds.utc.fr]
Sent: 04 May 2016 03:43
To: Walter, G.M.; gero.walter@stat.uni-muenchen.de
Subject: Your Submission

 
Ms. Ref. No.: IJA-D-16-00042
Title: Bayesian Nonparametric System Reliability using Sets of Priors
International Journal of Approximate Reasoning

Dear Dr. Gero Walter,

Reviewers have now commented on your paper. You will see that they are advising that you revise your manuscript. If you are prepared to undertake the work required, I would be pleased to reconsider my decision.

For your guidance, reviewers' comments are appended below.

If you decide to revise the work, Please submit a list of changes or a rebuttal against each point that is being raised when you submit the revised manuscript.

The due date to submit your revised paper is Jul 03, 2016.

To submit a revision, please go to http://ees.elsevier.com/ija/ and login as an Author.
Your username is: g.m.walter@tue.nl

If you need to retrieve password details, please go to:
http://ees.elsevier.com/ija/automail_query.asp

NOTE: Upon submitting your revised manuscript, please upload the source files for your article. For additional details regarding acceptable file formats, please refer to the Guide for Authors at: http://www.elsevier.com/journals/international-journal-of-approximate-reasoning/0888-613X/guide-for-authors

When submitting your revised paper, we ask that you include the following items:

Manuscript and Figure Source Files (mandatory)

We cannot accommodate PDF manuscript files for production purposes. We also ask that when submitting your revision you follow the journal formatting guidelines. Figures and tables may be embedded within the source file for the submission as long as they are of sufficient resolution for Production.For any figure that cannot be embedded within the source file (such as *.PSD Photoshop files), the original figure needs to be uploaded separately. Refer to the Guide for Authors for additional information.
http://www.elsevier.com/journals/international-journal-of-approximate-reasoning/0888-613X/guide-for-authors

Highlights (mandatory)

Highlights consist of a short collection of bullet points that convey the core findings of the article and should be submitted in a separate file in the online submission system. Please use 'Highlights' in the file name and include 3 to 5 bullet points (maximum 85 characters, including spaces, per bullet point). See the following website for more information
http://www.elsevier.com/highlights

On your Main Menu page is a folder entitled "Submissions Needing Revision". You will find your submission record there.

PLEASE NOTE: International Journal of Approximate Reasoning now offers the possibility to enrich online articles by displaying interactive figures that help the reader to visualize and explore your research results. For this purpose, you may upload figures in the MATLAB.FIG file format as supplementary material to our online submission system. Elsevier will generate interactive figures from these files and include them with the online article on SciVerseScienceDirect. If you wish, you can submit .FIG files along with your revised submission

Please note that this journal offers a new, free service called AudioSlides: brief, webcast-style presentations that are shown next to published articles on ScienceDirect (see also http://www.elsevier.com/audioslides). If your paper is accepted for publication, you will automatically receive an invitation to create an AudioSlides presentation.

While submitting the revised manuscript, please double check the author names provided in the submission so that authorship related changes are made in the revision stage. If your manuscript is accepted, any authorship change will involve approval from co-authors and the editor handling the submission. This may cause a significant delay in publishing your manuscript.

International Journal of Approximate Reasoning features the Interactive Plot Viewer, see: http://www.elsevier.com/interactiveplots. Interactive Plots provide easy access to the data behind plots. To include one with your article, please prepare a .csv file with your plot data and test it online at http://authortools.elsevier.com/interactiveplots/verification before submission as supplementary material.

Yours sincerely,

Thierry Denoeux
Editor-in-Chief
International Journal of Approximate Reasoning

Reviewers' comments:


Reviewer #1: This is a paper on reliability analysis within the framework of imprecise probabilities. The authors consider the optimization task required to estimate the bounds of the failure probability wrt an imprecise specification of the prior distributions of the components. I see good reasons to use IPs in this field and the contribution is not trivial. Moreover the paper is generally well written and easy to follow.

For all these reasons I think the paper should be accepted.

Yet, I see at least two big issues to be addressed before the paper being published.

[Complexity issues]
The authors derive an analytical expression (corresponding to a polynomial time solution algorithm) for the bounds of the 'signature'.

Unfortunately, the derived formula only holds for particular values of the parameters, while a brute-force approach taking exponential time is required in the worst case.

This is expected as the general task considered by the authors is probably NP-hard (e.g. it should be possible to map it somehow to an inference in a credal network, see for instance Maua' et al., JAIR 2014). Yet, I miss a deeper discussion about the values of the parameters of the problem for which a brute-force computation of \tilde{n} in Eq. 10 can be avoided. The authors say that this is the case in the 'vast majority' of the time points, but this is a strong claim, which deserves a discussion.

Of course, the discussion in S6.2 and the examples in S7 are doing something in this direction, but this is not enough.

A theoretical or empirical analysis should be necessarily added to convince the reader about the practical applicability of the result.
An idea might be a non-brute-force, approximate, approach (e.g., some sampling-based inner approximation). In the discrete case, such sampling can be drastically improved by sampling only on the extreme distribution (of the convex credal sets). This is less straightforward with continuous parameter, but it should be possible to do something even in this case (and I guess some paper by Alessio Benavoli can give direction about that).

[Existing work]
Another point to be addressed by the authors in the final version is the existing work in the field. Some pointers about reliability analysis with IPs can be found in many papers by Christophe Simon (within the framework of evidence theory) and Didier Dubois (within the framework of possibilistic theory) as well as in the paper about the imprecise noisy-OR gate by Alessandro Antonucci (withing the framework of credal sets and networks). Some words should be also spent about the independence assumptions in the underlying model. It is true that the discussion here is very general, but the specific notion of independence might have a strong impact on the corresponding complexity of the inferences. Moreover, Gert de Cooman has some papers on the impact of the exchangeability assumption on imprecise probabilistic models. The relation with the current model also deserves some comment.

[Presentation]
- The core of the paper is (in my opinion) S6 and, more specifically, E10. I would give more emphasis to this result and also to LM3 which is crucial as well as TH2 (while TH1 is more a preparatory result. In the proofs of both Th 1 and Th 2 some results from [18] and [15] are cited. I would better shape them as preparatory lemmas (with no need of explicit proof, but with an explicit statement). This would be a chance to explicitly formalize the two notions of dominance considered here. I would also remove the first part of the proof of Th 2 by saying that it is totally analogous to that of Th 1.
- The expression ''in an arbitrarily fine grid of time points'' in the introduction might sound a bit obscure
- \overline{x} for arrays might be a bit confusive in a IP paper, why not to use \vec{} or \bm{}?
- The term 'natural extension' at page 6 should be clarified
- Typo in ''p_t^k,s can''(page 6)
- n^(n) is weird (page 7)
- Sec 4, why not to cite that the re-parametrization is based on the re-parametrization a' la Walley for the Dir distribution?
- I would shape the example at the end of S4 in an example environment
- I see the issues related to the improper priors in the vacuous case, yet in the discussion of this issue I miss a link with Walley's IDM (or IBM …).
- Why bold R for the R software?



Reviewer #2: This paper introduces an extension of a non-parametric Bayesian method used in reliability assessment to include sets of priors in the assessment of posterior probabilities. The goal is to detect conflict between prior information and observed data, this conflict impacting the imprecision of the inferences. The used method is based on the use of survival signature combined with an assumption of component independence.

The paper is very nicely written, with an incremental and illustrative introduction of various concepts. I think it is accessible to most readers with basic knowledge in reliability and in probability, and presents both worked out examples and software implementation tools. The theoretical results used to speed up computations, while not especially impressive and deep, are interesting and useful. I would therefore recommend to accept the paper, possibly after some minor changes integrating my (very) few comments.

Specific comments:

* My main (and only substantial) comment about the paper is that it starts by seeling advantages of the survival signature, which are then completely forgotten since all mathematical developments concern independent components. Also, it seems to me that some points are a bit "oversold", for instance while I agree that the dependence of identical component types or between component types can easily be integrated, some other kind of dependence are impossible to implement (for instance, dependencies related to the position of components within the system, which are quite likely to occur in practice). I would therefore like the authors to 1) perhaps also explain the limitations of the survival signature and 2) add some (small?) discussion about what becomes of the current problem when independence between all components do not hold anymore. More specifically:

- top of P5: it would be fair to mention that dependencies related to component positions cannot easily be integrated to the signature (or at least I do not see how, if this is doable a reference/explanation should be provided.
 
 
----------------------------
 
Comments: I suggest we include at the end of Section 2 one more paragraph:
 
While there are, as mentioned above, no restrictions on dependence of failure times of components of different types that can be reflected by the survival signature method, some possible dependencies will require thoughtful consideration. For example, it may be the case that components that are near to each other in the system have a stronger dependency of their failure times than components that are further apart. If this is the case there are several options, the two main ones are as follows. First, if there is detailed knowledge about such dependence (as e.g. modelled in popular spatial statistics approaches) then there are probably no components that can be grouped, hence one has to use the full structure function. In practice, this may be feasible for small systems, but for large systems one would probably still wish to make some exchangeability assumptions in order to enable analysis, where it is understood that this is only approximate. The second case results from this, namely that one can still define groups of components which have exchangeable failure times and which are related in the same way to other groups of components to facilitate the dependence modelling. For example, one might consider components in a large electricity network to have differing failure time characteristics depending on physical location, e.g. windturbines near hills or at sea, while apart from the location aspect one would consider their failure times exchangeable. In such cases, these are represented by different groups in the survival signature approach.
-------------------------
 
 

- P6, 38/40: from here independence is assumed in the rest of the paper. It would be fair to discuss what extensions to non-independent cases are easy/difficult to produce, otherwise the advantage previously put forward of survival signatures simply disappears when adopting the author proposal.
--------------------------
 
The crucial advantage of the survival signature approach is used throughout the paper, namely that it ensures all aspects of the system design are taken into account. It is indeed assumed, from the location indicated on, that components of the same type have conditionally independent and identically distributed failure times, conditional on the parameters $p_t^k$. This is a pretty standard assumption in reliability theory and we feel it is appropriate in this paper. However, crucially the approach presented enables learning about the parameters $p_t^k$ and keeps a dependence between the failure times of the components of the same type in the system, as common in Bayesian predictive distributions for multiple future observations.
 
 
NOTE: not sure what we want to do with this, perhaps take this text and put it somewhere? Or just as response?
----------------------------
 
 

* Perhaps mention somewhere (P19 or somewhere after?) that the elicited prior somehow correspond to a p-box? During my reading, I was actually reading to which extent results concerning p-boxes in general could not be useful in this setting.

* P19, L56: where --> when

* Figures 5,6,7: since T1,T2 always follow the same behaviour, perhaps put them only once?



For further assistance, please visit our customer support site at http://help.elsevier.com/app/answers/list/p/7923. Here you can search for solutions on a range of topics, find answers to frequently asked questions and learn more about EES via interactive tutorials. You will also find our 24/7 support contact details should you need any further assistance from one of our customer support representatives.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------
 
SOME MORE COMMENTS:
 
1. Please add a reference at the end of the paper, so the very last line. We had our paper for RESS accepted on this stuff, it is already availabe online and I have to proofread it tonight, so it is likely to be in an issue very soon. The reference is:
 
Coolen, F.P.A. and Coolen-Maturi, T. The structure function for system reliability as predictive (imprecise) probability. {\em Reliability Engineering and System Safety}, to appear.
 
 
2. Near the end of the penultimate paragraph (p.26), the word `accommodate' is writen with just one m
 
 
3. I agree that some references to reliability with IP would be suitable in the introduction (a short paragraph).
Please then also include the overview book chapter Lev and I did and which has become quite a classic...:
 
Utkin, L.V. and Coolen, F.P.A. (2007). Imprecise reliability: an introductory overview. In: {\em Computational Intelligence in Reliability Engineering, Volume 2: New Metaheuristics, Neural and Fuzzy Techniques in Reliability}, Gregory Levitin (Ed.), Springer, Chapter 10, pp.\ 261-306.
 
4. I propose the obvious addition of gratitude towards the reviewers in the acknowledgements, e.g.
The authors are grateful for support of their work from two anonymous reviewers and for their comments which
led to improved presentation.
 
 
As always, feel free to edit or neglect the proposed text by me. We can also discuss when I visit Eindhoven in
two weeks. I would be surprised if the paper is not accepted after this round!
 
 
 
Best wishes
 
Frank

